after these things the word of the Lord
after these things the word of the Lord came to Abram in a vision do not be
came to Abram in a vision do not be
came to Abram in a vision do not be afraid Abram I am your shield you're
afraid Abram I am your shield you're
afraid Abram I am your shield you're exceedingly great reward Lord God what
exceedingly great reward Lord God what
exceedingly great reward Lord God what will you give me seeing I go childless
will you give me seeing I go childless
will you give me seeing I go childless and the heir of my house is Eliezer of
and the heir of my house is Eliezer of
and the heir of my house is Eliezer of Damascus look I have given me no
Damascus look I have given me no
Damascus look I have given me no offspring indeed one born in my house is
offspring indeed one born in my house is
offspring indeed one born in my house is my heir and behold the word of the Lord
my heir and behold the word of the Lord
my heir and behold the word of the Lord came to him this one shall not be your
came to him this one shall not be your
came to him this one shall not be your heir but one who will come from your own
heir but one who will come from your own
heir but one who will come from your own body shall be your heir they brought him
body shall be your heir they brought him
body shall be your heir they brought him outside look now toward heaven and count
outside look now toward heaven and count
outside look now toward heaven and count the Stars if you are able to number them
the Stars if you are able to number them
the Stars if you are able to number them so shall your descendants be and he
so shall your descendants be and he
so shall your descendants be and he believed in the Lord and he accounted it
believed in the Lord and he accounted it
believed in the Lord and he accounted it to him for righteousness
to him for righteousness
to him for righteousness I am the Lord who brought you out of ur
I am the Lord who brought you out of ur
I am the Lord who brought you out of ur of the Chaldeans to give you this land
of the Chaldeans to give you this land
of the Chaldeans to give you this land to inherit it
to inherit it
to inherit it Lord God how shall I know that I will
Lord God how shall I know that I will
Lord God how shall I know that I will inherit it bring me a three-year-old
inherit it bring me a three-year-old
inherit it bring me a three-year-old heifer
heifer
heifer a three year old female goat a three
a three year old female goat a three
a three year old female goat a three year old Ram a Turtledove and a young
year old Ram a Turtledove and a young
year old Ram a Turtledove and a young pigeon that he brought all these to him
pigeon that he brought all these to him
pigeon that he brought all these to him and cut them in two down the middle and
and cut them in two down the middle and
and cut them in two down the middle and placed each piece of a Cynthia but he
placed each piece of a Cynthia but he
placed each piece of a Cynthia but he did not cut the birds in two and when
did not cut the birds in two and when
did not cut the birds in two and when the vultures came down on the carcasses
the vultures came down on the carcasses
the vultures came down on the carcasses Abram drove them away now when the Sun
Abram drove them away now when the Sun
Abram drove them away now when the Sun was going down a deep sleep fell upon
was going down a deep sleep fell upon
was going down a deep sleep fell upon Abram and behold horror and great
Abram and behold horror and great
Abram and behold horror and great darkness fell upon him
then he said to Abram know certainly
then he said to Abram know certainly that your descendants will be strangers
that your descendants will be strangers
that your descendants will be strangers in a land that is not theirs and will
in a land that is not theirs and will
in a land that is not theirs and will serve them and they will afflict them
serve them and they will afflict them
serve them and they will afflict them for hundred years and also the nation
for hundred years and also the nation
for hundred years and also the nation whom they serve I will judge afterward
whom they serve I will judge afterward
whom they serve I will judge afterward they shall come out with great
they shall come out with great
they shall come out with great possessions now as for you you shall go
possessions now as for you you shall go
possessions now as for you you shall go to your fathers in peace you shall be
to your fathers in peace you shall be
to your fathers in peace you shall be buried at a good old age but in the
buried at a good old age but in the
buried at a good old age but in the fourth generation they shall return here
fourth generation they shall return here
fourth generation they shall return here for the iniquity of the amur rights is
for the iniquity of the amur rights is
for the iniquity of the amur rights is not yet complete and it came to pass
not yet complete and it came to pass
not yet complete and it came to pass when the Sun went down and it was dark
when the Sun went down and it was dark
when the Sun went down and it was dark there behold there appeared a smoking of
there behold there appeared a smoking of
there behold there appeared a smoking of ermine and a burning torch the past
ermine and a burning torch the past
ermine and a burning torch the past between those pieces on the same day the
between those pieces on the same day the
between those pieces on the same day the Lord made a covenant with Abram to your
Lord made a covenant with Abram to your
Lord made a covenant with Abram to your descendants I have given this land from
descendants I have given this land from
descendants I have given this land from the river of Egypt to the great river
the river of Egypt to the great river
the river of Egypt to the great river the river Euphrates the Kenites the
the river Euphrates the Kenites the
the river Euphrates the Kenites the kinnison's
kinnison's
kinnison's the Cadman arts the Hittites the
the Cadman arts the Hittites the
the Cadman arts the Hittites the parasites the Rif am the Amma writes the
parasites the Rif am the Amma writes the
parasites the Rif am the Amma writes the Canaanites the girgashites and the Jeb
Canaanites the girgashites and the Jeb
Canaanites the girgashites and the Jeb you saw